DOCSUP-10607: [CLICKHOUSEDOCS] Edit and translate to Russian (SYSTEM RESTORE REPLICA and h3ToGeo function) (#26800)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/statements/system.md

SYSTEM RESTORE REPLICA [ON CLUSTER cluster_name] [db.]replicated_merge_tree_family_table_name
```

**Example**

> Creating a table on multiple servers. After the replica's root directory is lost, the table will attach as read-only as metadata is missing. The last query needs to execute on every replica.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a table on multiple servers. After the replica's metadata in ZooKeeper is lost, the table will attach as read-only as metadata is missing. The last query needs to execute on every replica.
```

> Creating table on multiple servers. After the replica's root directory is lost, the table will will attach as readonly as metadata is missing. The last query need to execute on every replica.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Creating a table on multiple servers. After the replica's root directory is lost, the table will attach as read-only as metadata is missing. The last query needs to execute on every replica.
```

-- zookeeper_delete_path("/clickhouse/tables/test", recursive=True) <- root loss.

SYSTEM RESTART REPLICA test;
SYSTEM RESTORE REPLICA test;
```

Another way:

```sql

> RESTORE REPLICA test ON CLUSTER cluster;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SYSTEM RESTORE REPLICA test ON CLUSTER cluster;
```
